We propose LAPIG, a language guided
projector image generation method with
surface adaptation and stylization.
LAPIG consists of a projector-camera
system and a target textured projection
surface.
From this slide, we can see real captured
compensation and desired effect look
different just because of the physical
limitations although using the latest
compensation techniques. LAPIG's key
challenge is that due to projectors'
physical brightness limitation and the
surface texture, the viewer perceived
projection may suffer from color
saturation and artifacts in both dark and
bright regions, such that even with the
state-of-the-art projector compensation
techniques, the viewer may see clear
surface texture-related artifacts.
Therefore, how to generate a projector
image that follows the user's instruction
while also displays minimum surface
artifacts is an open problem.
To address this issue, we propose
projection surface adaptation that can
generate compensable surface stylization.
This slide shows the effect of whether or
not PSA is applied on the generated
stylized image and the final
visualization. Clearly, PSA can
adapt the stylization to the surface by
showing less discrepancies between the
target stylized surface and the real
captured projection. This
slide shows the effect of whether or not
PSA is applied on another surface.
In this section, we showed the visual
effects of whole process in our work.
Before stylized projection to projector,
we will perform PSA process to optimize
the stylized image. We can see in this
image on the far left the iterative
optimization process with project and
capture simulation and compensation, and
observe the change in the inferred
capture projection. When optimized,
target textured surface will go through
stylization by projector.
This slide shows a slower LAPIG process.
This slide shows how we made Mona Lisa
smile.
This slide shows how turn the surface
looks like Minecraft style.
This slide shows more results.
Thank you for watching!